1.   What is machine learning?
Ans. Machine learning is a method of data analysis that automates analytical model building. It is a branch of artificial 
     intelligence based on the idea that systems can learn from data, identify patterns and make decisions with minimal 
     human intervention.


2.   What are the different types of Machine Learning?
Ans. There are mainely three types of Machine Learning:-
1.Supervised Learning
In supervised learning, we are given a data set and already know what our correct output should look like, having the idea that there is a relationship between 
the input and the output. Supervised learning problems are further categorized into regression and classification problems.


2.Unsupervised Learning 
In unsupervised learning allows us to approach problems with little or no idea what our results should look like. We can derive structure from data where 
we don’t necessarily know the effect of the variables.


3.Reinforcement Learning
Reinforcement Learning is, when exposed to an environment, how the machine train itself using trial and error. Machine mainly learns from past experiences 
and tries to perform best possible solution to a certain problem.


3.   Explain Classification and Regression.
Ans. Regression
In regression problem, we are trying to predict results within a continuous output, meaning that we are trying to map input variables to some continuous function.
To exemplify, given data about the size of houses on the real estate market, try to predict their price. Another example would be, given a picture of a person, we have to 
predict their age or gender.

Classification
Classification, on the other hand, is finding the category of the input variable, or in more academic terms, mapping input variables into discrete categories. Ideal sentence to 
find a classification problem would be, whether this or that, like, yes or no, 0 or 1, true or false. For example,given a patient with tumour, we have to predict whether the 
tumour is malignant or benign


4.    What do you understand by Precision and Recall?
Ans.  In pattern recognition, information retrieval and binary classification, precision (also called positive predictive value) is the fraction of relevant instances among the retrieved
      instances, while recall (also known as sensitivity) is the fraction of relevant instances that have been retrieved over the total amount of relevant instances.
      Both precision and recall are therefore based on an understanding and measure of relevance.

Precision = (True Positive) / (True Positive + False Positive) 

Recall = (True Negative) / (True Negative + False Positive)


5.    Explain false negative, false positive, true negative and true positive with a simple example.
Ans.  A true positive is an outcome where the model correctly predicts the positive class. Similarly, a true negative is an outcome where the model correctly predicts the negative class.
      A false positive is an outcome where the model incorrectly predicts the positive class. And a false negative is an outcome where the model incorrectly predicts the negative class.

For Example:
Lets take an example of a Football Match. In it we will predict for it win and loss so the Matrix will be as shown below:


Actual win Actual loss
Prediction for win - 85   5
Prediction for loss- 7   3


So, true positive will be 85
   true negative will be 5
   false positive will be 7
   false positive will be 3

